.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH UBACKEND 1m
.SH NAME
ubackend \- run the UName*It back end
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ubackend
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command is a trivial shell script that runs the UName*It back end
programs
.IR udumpdb (1m)
and
.IR uparsedb (1m)
to create the necessary files used by the pull servers. Each time the
back end is run, a version number is incremented and a new directory
is created to store the new files. 
.PP
The
.BI data. version 
and
.BI gen. version
directories created during the back end run are deleted according to
the following algorithm: the last three versions are always saved. In
addition, the backend run closest to the hours of midnight, 6AM, noon
and 6PM since the current dump are saved. This is because
.IR ufsdump (1m)
creates a list of files to dump when it starts running and if the
directories to be backed up didn't have fixed names, 
.I ufsdump
wouldn't be
able to back up the directories. The deletion is actually performed
by
.IR uparsedb (1m)
which this script calls.
.PP
This program is run on the global pull
server
.RI ( i.e. ,
the machine running
.IR unameitd (1m)).
Secondary pull servers only copy the
.BI gen. version
directories. They never copy the
.BI data. version
directories. Also, regional pull servers delete old versions of the
.B gen
directories (see
.IR upull (1)).
.SH SEE ALSO
upull(1), udumpdb(1m), uparsedb(1m), upulld(1m)
