.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH UNAMEIT_DELETEDB 1m
.SH NAME
unameit_deletedb \- delete a UName*It database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B unameit_deletedb
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command physically deletes (the UniSQL/X disk files comprising) 
a UName*It database.
This command will fail if the database is in use (typically because
.IR unameitd (1m)
is running).
.PP
Note that you can restore a database from the ASCII dumps in the
.RI schema. version
and
.RI data. version
directories located in the 
directory
specified by the
.I data
keyword in the UName*It configuration files, so deleting the UniSQL/X
database is not fatal. In fact, when migrating or updating a UName*It
database, you use this command to delete the old UniSQL/X
database and create a new one using
.IR unameit_makedb (1m)
then restore the data using
.IR unameitd (1m).
(The procedure may vary slightly when upgrading to a new schema. 
Follow any ESM instructions that come with the upgrade).
.SH SEE ALSO
upull_mode(1), udumpdb(1m), unameitd(1m), unameit_makedb(1m),
unameit_mode(1m)
