.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH UNAMEITD 1m
.SH NAME
unameitd \- the UName*It server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B unameitd
[
.B \-F
] [
.BI \-R\  what
] [
.I bootfile
] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command is the UName*It server daemon. It is normally started on
boot and receives requests from client applications to retrieve,
change or add data to the UName*It database. It can also be run in
standalone mode reading commands from a Tcl script file.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -F
Run in the foreground. This option normally isn't given by mere
mortals. It is useful for running the server under a debugger.
.TP
.BI \-R\  what
This flag asks the UName*It server to restore data from a previous
database dump. The
.I what
parameter can be
.IR all ,
.I schema
or
.I data
to restore all the information, only the schema or only the data.
The restored information data comes from the directories pointed to
by the 
.BI data. version
and
.BI schema. version
files. These files are located in the directory specified by the
.I data
keyword in the UName*It configuration files.
.TP
.I bootfile
Run the commands in the bootfile and exit.
If this option is given, 
.IR unameitd (1m)
runs in the foreground and exits
when the script has been executed.
.SH SEE ALSO
unameit(1),
unameitcl(1), upasswd(1), upull(1), 
ubackend(1m), uparsedb(1m), udumpdb(1m), unameit_mode(1m), upulld(1m),
upull_mode(1)

