.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH UNAMEIT_INIT 1m
unameit_init \- create the UName*It metaschema in the database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI unameit_init\  dbname
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command creates the UName*It metaschema in a newly created
database. This command is called by
.IR unameit_makedb (1m)
and should not be called directly. The
.IR unameit_makedb (1m)
command
creates a new UniSQL/X database initially with an empty schema and
then calls this command to create the metaschema. The metaschema needs
to be loaded before any user defined schema classes (such as Computer,
User Login, etc.) can be loaded. This command essentially makes a
large number of SQL calls to create the metaschema.
.SH SEE ALSO
unameit_makedb(1m)
