.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH UNAMEIT_MODE 1m
.SH NAME
unameit_mode \- edit the configuratin files on the UName*It server machine
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B unameit_mode
[
.B create
|
.B check
|
.B delete
|
.B edit
|
.B list
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command edits the configuration files on the UName*It
server. It is normally only run by root.
.PP
This command is very similar to the
.IR upull_mode (1)
command except that it is only run on the UName*It server machine and
it edits two files rather than one. The two files it edits are 
.IB unameitdir /config/ mode.conf
and
.BI /etc/unameit/config/ mode .conf
where 
.I unameitdir
is the location of the UName*It binaries (normally
.BR /opt/unameit )
and
.I mode
is the mode UNAMEIT_MODE is set to.
The UName*It machine normally does not export
.I unameitdir
but rather has its own local copy of this file system. It is not a
good idea to have the UName*It server machine export any file systems
since this machine should be quite secure.
.PP
The 
.B create
command brings up a dialog box to answer initial configuration
questions just like
.IR upull_mode (1).
See the 
.IR upull_mode (1)
mode manual page for the format of the configuration files and the
keywords accepted.
.SH SEE ALSO
unameitd(1m), upull_mode(1)
.SH BUGS
Some of the keywords described in
.IR upull_mode (1)
should be described here since the keywords are only relevent to
commands that execute on the UName*It server.
