.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH UPARSEDB 1m
.SH NAME
uparsedb \- portion of the UName*It backend that splits the data into
files based on type and location
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B uparsedb
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command reads the output of the
.IR udumpdb (1m)
command and splits the data up based on type of data and where it is
located.
This program is run out of the
.IR ubackend (1m)
script and is not typically run directly.
.SH FILES
The backend files are normally put in the directory specified by the
.I data
keyword in the UName*It configuration files.
This directory is specified below with ellipses.
.LP
.PD 0
.TP
\&.../data/data.version
This file points to the latest database dump directory.
.TP
.RI .../data/data. version
This is the latest database dump directory. When
.IR ubackend (1m)
runs
.IR udumpdb (1m),
.IR udumpdb (1m)
sends a message to
.IR unameitd (1m)
to dump the database.
.IR unameitd (1m)
dumps the contents of the database in this directory. The data in this
directory is in an ESM derived Tcl list format.
.TP
\&.../data/dump.version
This file points at the latest 
.RI dump. version
directory.
.TP
.RI .../data/dump. version
This directory contains the database data divided up by class. The
format of the data is ESM derived and the normal user does not need to
know the format. This directory is a temporary directory only used for
the creation of the
.RI gen. version
directory and this directory is deleted when
.B uparsedb 
is done.
.TP
\&.../data/gen.version
This file points at the latest
.RI gen. version
directory.
.TP
.RI .../data/gen. version
This directory contains the database data divided up by class and
region. This format is ESM derived and the normal user does not need
to know the format. It is this directory that pull servers pass from
one another to propagate data. They do not pass the contents of the
.RI data. version
or
.RI dump. version
directories.
.PD
.SH SEE ALSO
upull(1), ubackend(1m), udumpdb(1m), unameitd(1m), uparsedb(1m), upulld(1m)
