.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH UPULLD 1m
.SH NAME
upulld - UName*It pull server daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B upulld
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program is the UName*It pull server daemon. It answers requests
from pull clients, both regular pull hosts and regional pull servers,
and gives them files from the directory specified by the
.I data
keyword in the UName*It configuration files.
It basically only answers six commands:
.TP
.B unameit_get_uuid
This command gives back the uuid of the machine
.B upulld
is running on.
.TP
.BI unameit_pull_get_host_uuid\  host
This command translates a host name into the uuid for the host. The host name
should be given in short form (without the domain).
.TP
.BI unameit_pull_uuid\  ip_address
This command translates an IP address into the uuid of the host
corresponding to that IP address. It is needed when initially creating
the
.B uuid
file used by
.IR upull (1).
.TP
.BI unameit_pull_whoami\  uuid
This command gives back information on the current host. Normally, the
.IR upull (1)
command executes
.B unameit_pull_whoami
when it starts up to determine who UName*It thinks the host is. The
uuid used is retrieved from the file
.B .../uuid
by the
.IR upull (1)
command. (The ... specified the 
.I data
directory in the UName*It configuration files).
See
.IR upull (1)
for more information.
.TP
.B unameit_pull_version
This command gives back the version on the pull server. If the pull
server doesn't have any versions yet, it raises an exception.
.TP
.BI unameit_pull_readdir\  dir
This command reads a directory on the
.B upulld
host and returns the files names in it. The results are suitable for
Tcl's
.B array set
command.
.TP
.BI unameit_pull_read_file\  file
Reads a file from the
.B upulld
host and returns it.
.PP
.B upulld
can be viewed as a dumb, secure NFS server.
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP 25
\&.../data
This directory contains the files that
.B upulld
will hand to the client that connects to it. If the file requested is
not in this directory, you cannot copy it.
.TP 25
\&.../data/pull_main.tcl
When
.IR upull (1)
is run, this file is downloaded from
.B upulld
and run. This way, the behavior of all
.IR upull (1)
clients can be changed just by replacing the
.B pull_main.tcl
file. This file must exist or
.IR upull (1)
will not run.
.PD 0
.SH SEE ALSO
upull(1), uparsedb(1m), ubackend(1m)
