.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH SCICREATE 1
.SH NAME
scicreate - create UName*It database objects
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B scicreate 
[
.B -u
.I uuid
]
.I class
[
.RI attribute\ value...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B scicreate
creates new database objects of type 
.IR class .
The 
.I attributes 
of the newly created object are set to the values given
in the 
.I attribute value
list.  After the class argument, the remaining arguments must consist of
alternating attribute names and values.  Empty or NULL attribute values are
represented by an empty string (quoted as necessary).
.PP
By default 
.B scicreate 
generates a new 
.I uuid
for the 
object being created and returns to stdout the generated uuid.
If the 
.B -u
switch is given, a valid uuid must be supplied following the switch and
nothing will be returned.
.PP
.B scinewuuid 
should have been used to obtain a valid uuid identifier if the 
.B -u
switch is used.
.PP
.SH EXAMPLES
csh% \fIscicreate person fullname "Joe User" \\
.br
owner "`scimatch cell 'name = esm.com'`"\fR
.br
X8h7QgoI2QuHyEU.65Leek
.br
csh% \fIscicreate -u `scinewuuid` person fullname "Jane User" \\
.br
owner "`scimatch cell 'name = esm.com'`"\fR
.SH SEE ALSO
scidelete(1), sciundelete(1), sciupdate(1),
scilistattrs(1), scinewuuid(1), scimatch(1), scishow(1)
