.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH SCIDELETE 1
.SH NAME
scidelete, sciundelete - (un)delete UName*It database items
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B scidelete 
[
.I options
] [
.B -s
] [
.I uuid
]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B scidelete 
deletes the database item which is pointed to by
the supplied 
.IR uuid .  
Multiple 
.IR uuid 's
are allowed to be given on
the command line.  If the 
.B -s
(show) switch is given,
.B scidelete 
will print
the item name on stdout upon deletion.
.PP
Warning:
.B scidelete 
is destructive. Caution is advised when 
.B scimatch
is utilized to return a list of 
.I uuids
as in the second example.
.B sciundelete
may be used to undelete an accidentally deleted item.
The syntax of sciundelete is identical to that of scidelete.
.SH EXAMPLES
csh% \fIscidelete `scimatch user_login 'name jane'`\fR
.br
csh% \fIscidelete -s `scimatch user_login 'name ~ *smith*'`\fR
.br
jsmith esm.com
.br
smith esm.com
.br
goldsmith esm.com
.br
hsmithson esm.com
.SH SEE ALSO
scinewuuid(1), scicreate(1), sciupdate(1), scilistattrs(1),
scishow(1), scimatch(1)
