.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH SCILISTATTRS 1
.SH NAME
scilistattrs - display UName*It class attributes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B scilistattrs 
.I class
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B scilistattrs
enables a user to display the attributes 
associated with the 
.I class
in the UName*It database.
Each attribute will be followed by its type.  Each attribute/type pair
will be output on 
stdout followed by a newline.  Only user updatable attributes will 
be displayed.  Computed and protected attributes will be suppressed.
.PP
.SH EXAMPLES
csh% \fIscilistattrs cell\fR
.br
name String
.br
cellorg Object
.SH SEE ALSO
scicreate(1), scidelete(1), sciundelete(1), sciupdate(1),
scinewuuid(1), scishow(1), scimatch(1)
