.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH SCIMATCH 1
.SH NAME
scimatch - Search the UName*It database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B scimatch 
[
.B \-s
]
[
.BI \-maxRows\  rows
]
[
.BI \-timeOut\  time
]
[
.B \-deleted
]
.I class 
[
.RI ' attribute 
.I operator 
[ 
.I value
]']
.I ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B scimatch
outputs to stdout a list containing all database items
from the given 
.I class
which match the specified attribute constraints.  By default
scimatch returns the UUID of each item.  
The options are as follows:
.TP
.B \-s
A descriptive
label is printed instead of the UUID.
.TP
.BI \-maxRows\  rows
Limit the number of objects returned to
.IR rows .
.TP
.BI \-timeOut\  time
The query can only run for
.I time
seconds in the server before returning an error.
.TP
.B \-deleted
Return the uuids of deleted as well as undeleted objects.
.PP
Each constraint argument should be of the form:
.IR attribute\ operator\  [ value ].
The following 
.I operators
are currently supported:
.TP 10
.B = !=
Return items for which the specified attribute is (not) equal to the 
.IR value.
If the value part of the constraint is not specified it is assumed NULL.
This allows one to query for NULL or NOT NULL values.
.TP 10
.B <= >= > <
Return items for which the specified attribute is related as indicated to
the
.IR value.
These operators are not available for Object attributes.
.TP 10
.B ~ !~
Return items for which the specified attribute matches (does not match)
the pattern specified by the
.IR value.
In the pattern the characters * and ? match any number of characters
or any one character respectively.  The \\ character suppresses any
special interpretation of the following character.  All other characters
match themselves.  This operator is only available for String attributes.
.TP 10
.B contains
Return items for which the specified attribute points to at least
all of the items specified by
.IR value.
This operator is only available for Set or Sequence of Object attributes.
.PP
Constraints on Object attributes may use a \fIpath expression\fR to specify
constraints on fields of the item referenced by the
.I attribute.
Path expressions may be nested.
For example, if you are searching for automounts on the
.I attribute 
``nfs_server'' the command would look like:
.in +.25i
.sp +.2i
\fIscimatch automount "nfs_server.Class server_alias"\\
.br
"nfs_server.server_type.name ~ mail*"\fR
.sp +.2i
.in -.25i
The above example retrieves all 
.I automounts 
whose
.I nfs_server
field points to a
.IR server_alias
whose server_type has a name starting with the string mail.
The pseudo-attribute \fIClass\fR above restricts the attribute values to
those which are in the subclass \fIserver_alias\fR of the actual domain
of the attribute (in this case \fIabstract_computer\fR).
.SH EXAMPLES
.PD 0
csh% \fIscimatch computer "name = anaheim"\fR
.br
X8h7QgoI2QuHyEU.65Leek
.br
csh% \fIscimatch -s computer "name = anaheim"\fR
.br
anaheim
.br
csh% \fIscimatch -s host "name ~ l*" "ifname ="\fR
.br
localhost
.SH SEE ALSO
scicreate(1), scidelete(1), sciundelete(1), sciupdate(1),
scilistattrs(1), scinewuuid(1), scishow(1)
