.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH SCISHOW 1
.SH NAME
scishow - examine UName*It items
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B scishow 
[
.B -u
]
.I uuid 
[ 
.I attribute
]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
With no \fIattributes\fR specified on the command line, prints a
to a user-friendly string summary of the UName*It item which corresponds to
the given \fIuuid\fR.  With attributes specified 
retrieves the specified attributes for the item.
If the 
.B -u
switch is given, attributes which are pointers will be printed in
their UUID form.  By default these attributes are printed in user_friendly
form.
.SH EXAMPLES
csh% \fIscishow X8h7QgoI2QuHyEU.65Leek\fR
.br
Joe Doe
.br
csh% \fIscishow X8h7QgoI2QuHyEU.65Leek fullname Class\fR
.br
Joe Doe
.br
person
.br
csh% \fIscishow `scimatch host 'name = anaheim'` owner\fR
.br
esm.com
.br
csh% \fIscishow -u `scimatch host 'name = anaheim'` owner\fR
.br
p6bYOgoI2Qum.UU.65Leek
.SH SEE ALSO
scicreate(1), scidelete(1), sciundelete(1), sciupdate(1),
scilistattrs(1), scimatch(1), scinewuuid(1)
