.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH SCIUPDATE 1
.SH NAME
sciupdate - update UName*It database objects
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sciupdate 
.I uuid
[
.RI attribute\  value ]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B sciupdate
updates 
.I attributes
for the database item with the supplied 
.IR uuid .
The 
.I attributes 
of the object are set to the values given
in the 
.I attribute value
list. Multiple 
.I attributes
may be
updated within a single command.  The \fIattribute value\fR
syntax is identical to that of \fIscicreate\fR.
.SH EXAMPLES
csh% \fIscishow `scimatch person 'fullname ~ *User`\fR
.br
Joe User
.br
csh% \fIsciupdate `scimatch person 'fullname ~ *User'` fullname "Joe H. User"'\fR
.br
csh% \fIscishow `scimatch person 'fullname = *User'`\fR
.br
Joe H. User
.SH SEE ALSO
scicreate(1), scidelete(1), sciundelete(1),
scilistattrs(1), scinewuuid(1), scishow(1)
