.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH UNAMEIT_ADDPRINCS 1
.SH NAME
unameit_addprincs \- add principals to a local keytab file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI unameit_addprincs\  admin_principal
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command adds all the UName*It server principals and their passwords in
the Kerberos database to the
.B /etc/krb5.keytab
file. You need to give this command an administrator principal that
has enough authorization in Kerberos to extract the UName*It
principals and passwords. This command will ask you for a password for
this administrator principal when it is run.
.PP
The principals put in the keytab file are randomized on both the
Kerberos server and in the keytab file so the password you initially
entered for the UName*It principals in Kerberos will be changed. The
keytab file and the Kerberos server database are kept in sync though.
.SH SEE ALSO
kadmin(8), kadmin.local(8)
