.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH UNAMEIT 1
.SH NAME
unameit - the X Window System version of the UName*It client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B unameit
[
.BI \-display\  display
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command is the graphical X interface to the UName*It server. On
startup, it gives you a login screen where you must
authenticate. Usually, authentication is your
Kerberos name and instance and your password. 
Upon successful login,
you will get the UName*It main window. If you login as root on
the UName*It server host you will get a Schema menu in addition to the 
regular menus.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-display\  display
Specifies the display to use rather than the default display taken
from the DISPLAY environment variable. 
.SH SEE ALSO
unameitcl(1)
