.\" $Id: $
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1997 Enterprise Systems Management Corp.
.\"
.\" This file is part of UName*It.
.\"
.\" UName*It is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
.\" the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
.\" Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option) any later
.\" version.
.\"
.\" UName*It is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
.\" WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
.\" for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with UName*It; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA
.\" 02111-1307, USA.
.\"
.TH UPULL 1
.SH NAME
upull - UName*It pull client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B upull
.SH DESCRIPTION
This program is the UName*It pull client. It contacts the UName*It
pull server daemon
.IR upulld (1m)
and constructs Unix configuration files such as
.BR /etc/hosts ,
NIS files and DNS files.
The files are installed into the system directories in a manner
dictated by the
UName*It configuration
files.
If the host running this command is a
pull server host, then the
.BI gen. version
files are pulled over from the parent pull server if they are out of
date. Consequently, this command will probably run much longer on a
pull server host then it will on regular hosts. Also, name space
information is only grabbed up the name space tree until the NIS
server is reached. 
This command will probably run longer on non-NIS server hosts than
hosts using a NIS server since all the information normally contained
in NIS plus the regular information must be retrieved and processed.
This command is often run from
.IR cron (1m).
.PP
When connecting, this command tries to contact the pull server hosts
given in the UName*It configuration files.
When
.B upull
connects, it looks in the file
.B .../uuid
(where ... is the directory given by
the 
.I data
keyword in the UName*It configuration files)
to see which host UName*It thinks this machine corresponds to. If
there is no
.B uuid
file, then it gives
.IR upulld (1m)
the IP address of the host and gets back a uuid which it writes to
.BR .../uuid .
Therefore, the first time you run a pull, the machine must be in the
UName*It database with the correct IP address. Once the
.B uuid
file is written, it is never changed. The uuid always references this
host. Uuids for objects never change, which is their whole point.
.PP
If the version of the pull files on the pull server machine are not
more recent than the version on the machine running the pull, then
.B upull
simply exits.
.PP
The NIS domain name is in the host-specific configuration file. This
variable is normally set to the output of the
.IR domainname (1)
command.
If the 
.I domain
is empty or ``noname'' then no NIS server
is assumed. Otherwise, the 
.I domain
should equal the NIS domain name
that UName*It thinks this machine is using. If they disagree,
.B upull
will create files in 
.BI .../ version
but it will not install any of the files to the system.
.PP
The host name and IP address returned by
.IR upulld (1m)
and the current machine's host name and IP address are compared.
If they
disagree,
.B upull
will create the files in
.BI .../ version
but will not install anything to the system.
If you change the machine name in UName*It, you
.I must
change the machine name on the host too manually.
.PP
If a pull server does a pull, it may get new pull data. If it does,
any pull clients currently pulling from that pull server will get old
pull data. This is OK, but it means that
.IR upulld (1m)
may be distributing different versions of the pull data at the same
time. Therefore, the last three versions of the
.BI gen. version
files are saved on pull servers for safety's sake.
.PP
.SH FILES
The ... indicates the directory specified by the
.I data
keyword in the UName*It configuration files.
.PD 0
.TP 25
\&.../uuid
This file stores the uuid of the current host. It is created once and
not modified thereafter.
.TP 25
\&.../version
This file stores the current version of the files last pulled.
.TP 25
\&.../data/
This directory only exists on pull servers and it contains the data
the pull servers export and is the data that the
.BR /etc ,
NIS and DNS files are generated from.  See
.IR upulld (1m) 
and
.IR uparsedb (1m).
.TP 25
.RI .../ version /
This directory contains all the
.BR /etc ,
NIS, DNS and Sybase files that are generated. A new directory is created each
time a new version of the data is downloaded from the
.IR upulld (1m)
server. When the files are installed to the Unix system directories,
they are copied from this directory hierarchy by
.BR upull .
.TP 25
.RI .../ version /etc/
The
.B /etc
files such as
.B /etc/passwd
and
.B /etc/group
are created here.
.TP 25
.RI .../gen. version /path_list
This file stores a list of the pull servers the gen data has passed
through from the global pull server on downward. Actually, the uuids
of the pull server hosts are stored. It is used for detecting loops in
the pull hierarchy.
.TP 25
.RI .../ version /nis/
The files created on a NIS server are put here.
This directory will only be
created on NIS server hosts.
.TP 25
.RI .../ version /dns/
The files created on a DNS server are put here. This directory will
only be created on DNS server hosts.
.TP 25
.RI .../ version /sybase/
The sybase
.I interfaces
file is put in this directory. This file will only be created on hosts
pointed to by a Sybase interface.
.TP 25
.RI /etc/unameit/config/ mode .conf
This file contains options on where, when, how and which Unix files to
install.
See the documentation in that file, which is created by 
.IR upull_mode (1)
or 
.IR unameit_mode (1m).
.TP 25
\&.../data/pull_main.tcl
This is the smarts for
.BR upull .
It is downloaded by
.B upull
when it first starts up and is executed. You can change the behavior
of all the pull servers by simply modifying this file on the UName*It
server machine, without reinstalling the
.B upull
binary. This file is propagated from pull server to pull server down
the
pull server hierarchy.
.PD 0
.SH SEE ALSO
upulld(1m), upull_mode(1)
